# ACUTE Postprocessor
The postprocessor module generate multiple types of visualization on the outputs generated from the ACUTE framework

## Installing Requirements
To install requirements run the following command.  
`pip3 install -r requirements.txt` 
Please note that you need to create a conda environment first with python3.8 or above before installing requirements or executing code.  
The source code has been executed and tested on ubuntu OS with a conda environment. It may or may not run on Windows systems.  


## Generating SIER Plots
To generate SIER plot you will use the PlotSIER.py script  
It takes as input the summary output generated by the framework. For example.  
`python3 PlotSEIR.py islamabad-smart-lockdown-27.csv islamabad`

## Generating a Hotspot Map.
To generate a hotspot map you will have to use the hotspotmap.py script  
The script take input per region cases output (cases_in_regions.csv) as well as the areas specification file of a region found under the areas directory. It can generate two kind of map. One whose scale is dynamic and other whose scale is static  
it can be run using the following command  
`python3 hotspotmap.py <cases_in_regions.csv output file> <areas file> <static|dynmaic map type>`  
eg `python3 hotspotmap.py sample_output/cases_in_regions.csv areas/abbottabad.areas.json static`   

## Generating a Location-wise infection graph
To generate a location-wise infection graph you need to use the scatter_animate.ipynb jupyter notebook  
It takes as input a covid_out_infection.csv file. A sample file covid_out_infections_small.csv is provided under sample_output directory.  
Please note that the notebook cells should be executed in sequence and they are capable of running without code changes. But if required, title of graphs can be changed. 

## Performing Result Comparisons
Results comparison is performed via the Compare_Results.ipynb notebook. The notebook accepts a Data.zip file as input containing the simulation results and actual data.  
Data.zip is already provided. It contains the simulation results that were compared to actual data and presented in FYP reports. The actual data for Abbottbad comes from Ayub Teaching Hospital while acutal data for Islamabd is scrapped from covid.gov.pk website.  
Please note that the notebook is capable of running without any code changes. But you do need to change the filenames being read if data is updated.   
If you want to compare data with your own simulation results, unzip the Data.zup folder add the output files under respective city directory rezip and upload to collab
